add k8s case study blogs (#869)
DaoCloud/DaoCloud-docs: docs/en/docs/blogs/daocloud&k8s.md

## Results

In the process of embracing cloud native, DaoCloud keeps learning from Kubernetes and other excellent CNCF open source projects. It has formed a product architecture centered on [DaoCloud Enterprise](https://docs.daocloud.io/), a platform for cloud-native applications. On the basis of Kubernetes and other cutting-edge cloud native technologies, DaoCloud provides satisfying cloud native solutions for military, finance, manufacturing, energy, government and retail clients, helps companies in their digital transformation, such as SPD Bank, Huatai Securities, Fullgoal Fund, SAIC Motor, Haier, Fudan University, Watsons, Genius Auto Finance, State Grid Corporation of China, etc.

<table><tr><td bgcolor=green>

"As DaoCloud Enterprise becomes more powerful and wins more users. Some customers need to use Kubernetes instead of Swarm for application orchestration. As a powerful application orchestration system, Kubernetes has solid community support and is also recommended by many tech giants in the field. We, as providers, need to meet needs of our users.”

> Kebe Liu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kebe Liu,
```
可以放社区名，给个链接，例如：
```
[Kebe](https://github.com/kebe7jun),
```

Kubernetes served as an inseparable part through these four releases over six years, which speaks volumes for the fact that it was a right choice to use Kubernetes in DaoCloud Enterprise. DaoCloud has proved, with its own experience and actions, that Kubernetes is the best choice for container arrangement, and that it has always been a loyal fan of Kubernetes.

<table><tr><td bgcolor=green>

"Kubernetes helped our product and research teams realized automation of test, build, check, and release process, ensuring the quality of deliverables. It also helped build our smart systems of collaboration about product requirements & definition, multilingual product materials, debugging, and miscellaneous challenges, improving the efficiency of intra- and inter-department collaboration. Kubernetes is the cornerstone for refining our products towards world-class software."

> Ting Ye

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ting Ye,
```

Vice President of Product Innovation of DaoCloud

</td></tr></table>

> On the one hand, Kubernetes makes our products more performant and competitive. DaoCloud integrates relevant practices and technologies around Kubernetes to polish its flagship offering – DaoCloud Enterprise. The latest 5th version released in 2022 covers application stores, application delivery, microservice governance, observability, data services, multi-cloud management, cloud-edge collaboration and other functions. DaoCloud Enterprise 5.0 is an inclusive integration of cloud native technologies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the one hand, Kubernetes makes our products more performant and competitive. DaoCloud integrates relevant practices and technologies around Kubernetes to polish its flagship offering – DaoCloud Enterprise. The latest 5th version, released in 2022, covers application stores, application delivery, microservice governance, observability, data services, multi-cloud management, cloud-edge collaboration, and other functions. DaoCloud Enterprise 5.0 is an inclusive integration of cloud-native technologies.
```

> DaoCloud deployed a Kubernetes platform for SPD Bank, improving its application deployment efficiency by 82%, shortening its delivery cycle from half a year to one month, and promoting its transaction success rate at 99.999%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DaoCloud deployed a Kubernetes platform for SPD Bank, improving its application deployment efficiency by 82%, shortening its delivery cycle from half a year to one month, and promoting its transaction success rate to 99.999%.
```

> In terms of Sichuan Tianfu Bank, the scaling time was reduced from several hours to an average of 2 minutes, product iteration cycle was shortened from two months to two weeks, and application rollout time was cut by 76.76%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regarding Sichuan Tianfu Bank, the scaling time was reduced from several hours to an average of 2 minutes, the product iteration cycle was shortened from two months to two weeks, and the application rollout time was cut by 76.76%.
```

> As for a joint-venture carmaker, its delivery cycle shortened from two months to one or two weeks, success rate of application deployment increased by 53%, and application rollout became ten times more efficient. In the case of a multinational retailer, application deployment issues were solved by 46%, and fault location efficiency rose by more than 90%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As for a joint-venture carmaker, its delivery cycle shortened from two months to one or two weeks, the success rate of application deployment increased by 53%, and application rollout became ten times more efficient. In the case of a multinational retailer, application deployment issues were solved by 46%, and fault location efficiency rose by more than 90%.
```

> As for a large-scale securities firm, its business procedure efficiency was enhanced by 30%, and resource cost was lowered by about 35%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a large-scale securities firm, its business procedure efficiency was enhanced by 30%, and resource costs were lowered by about 35%.
```

With this product, Fullgoal Fund shortened its middleware deployment time from hours to minutes, improved middleware operation and maintenance capabilities by 50%, containerization by 60%, and resource utilization by 40%.

> On the other hand, our product development is also based on Kubernetes. DaoCloud deployed Gitlab based on Kubernetes and established a product development process of "Gitlab—>PR—>Auto Tests—>Builds & Releases", which significantly improved our development efficiency, reduced repetitive tests, and realized automatic release of applications. In doing so, operation and maintenance costs are greatly saved, and technicians can invest more time and energy in product development to offer better cloud-native products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the other hand, our product development is also based on Kubernetes. DaoCloud deployed Gitlab based on Kubernetes and established a product development process of "Gitlab -> PR -> Auto Tests -> Builds & Releases", which significantly improved our development efficiency, reduced repetitive tests, and realized automatic release of applications. This approach greatly saves operation and maintenance costs, enabling technicians to invest more time and energy in product development to offer better cloud-native products.
```

<table><tr><td bgcolor=green>

> "Our developers actively contribute to open source projects and accumulate technical experience. DaoCloud has a remarkable presence in Kubernetes and Istio communities."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"Our developers actively contribute to open source projects, building technical expertise and establishing DaoCloud's presence in the Kubernetes and Istio communities."
```

> Paco Xu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paco Xu,
```

In particular:

- Clusterpedia, compatible with Kubernetes OpenAPIs, is designed for resource synchronization across clusters and powerful search function that allows quick, easy and effective retrieval of all resources in clusters.
- Kubean makes it possible to quickly create production-ready Kubernetes clusters and integrate clusters from other providers.
- CloudTTY is a web terminal and cloud shell operator for Kubernetes cloud-native environment. It can manage Kubernetes clusters on a web page, anytime and anywhere.
- KLTS provides long-term free maintenance for earlier versions of Kubernetes.
- Piraeus is an easy and secure storage solution for Kubernetes with high performance and availability.

DaoCloud utilizes its practical experience across industries to contribute to Kubernetes-related open source projects, with an aim of making cloud native technologies, represented by Kubernetes, better function in production environment.

<table><tr><td bgcolor=green>

"DaoCloud, as one of the first cloud-native technology training partners certified by CNCF, will continue to carry out trainings to help more companies find their best ways for going to the cloud."

> Song Zheng

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Song Zheng,
```

Technology GM of DaoCloud

</td></tr></table>

Enterprise users need a global optimal solution, which can be understood as an inclusive platform that can maximize the advantages of multi-cloud management, application delivery, observability, cloud-edge collaboration, microservice governance, application store, and data services. In today’s cloud native ecosystem, these functions cannot be achieved without Kubernetes as the underlying container orchestration tool. It follows that, DaoCloud cannot do without Kubernetes in the process of finding the optimal solution in the digital world, and its future product development will continue to be based on Kubernetes.

> In addition, Kubernetes training and promotion activities have always been attached great importance in DaoCloud. In 2017, the company took the lead in passing CNCF’s Certified Kubernetes Conformance Program by its featured product – DaoCloud Enterprise. In 2018, it became a CNCF-certified Kubernetes service provider and Kubernetes training partner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes training and promotion have always been a priority for DaoCloud. In 2017, the company's flagship product, DaoCloud Enterprise, was the first to pass CNCF's Certified Kubernetes Conformance Program. In 2018, DaoCloud became a CNCF-certified Kubernetes service provider and training partner.
```

> On November 18, 2022, the "Kubernetes Community Days", organized by CNCF, DaoCloud, Huawei Cloud, Sichuan Tianfu Bank, and OPPO, was successfully held. End users, contributions, and technical experts from open source communities were gathered in Chengdu to exchange their best practices and innovative thoughts about Kubernetes and cloud native. In the future, DaoCloud will continue to contribute to Kubernetes projects, and expand influence of Kubernetes through project trainings, community contribution and other activities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On November 18, 2022, the "Kubernetes Community Days" event was successfully held in Chengdu, organized by CNCF, DaoCloud, Huawei Cloud, Sichuan Tianfu Bank, and OPPO. The event brought together end-users, contributors, and technical experts from open-source communities to share best practices and innovative ideas about Kubernetes and cloud-native. In the future, DaoCloud will continue to contribute to Kubernetes projects and expand the influence of Kubernetes through project training, community contributions, and other activities.
```
